ML for Office autolabeling change (#1849)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/classifier-creating-a-trainable-classifier.md

21. Publish the classifier.

> 22. Once published your classifier will be available as a condition in [Office autolabeling with sensitivity labels](apply-sensitivity-label-automatically.md), [auto-apply retention label policy based on a condition](labels.md#applying-a-retention-label-automatically-based-on-conditions) and in [Communication compliance](communication-compliance.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
22. Once published, your classifier will be available as a condition in [Office auto labeling with sensitivity labels](apply-sensitivity-label-automatically.md), [Applying a retention label automatically based on conditions](labels.md#applying-a-retention-label-automatically-based-on-conditions), and in [Communication compliance](communication-compliance.md).
```
